MAA PARASHAKTI DHARM RAHASYA SEWA TRUST and its website https://dharamrahasya.com takes your privacy seriously and treats all financial information about any transaction you have with the Foundation as highly confidential. In addition, MAA PARASHAKTI DHARM RAHASYA SEWA TRUST does not share e-mail addresses or phone numbers of any of our donors or constituents.

The Foundation deeply values all contributions to sustain our mission. To protect the privacy of our donors and their special relationship with MAA PARASHAKTI DHARM RAHASYA SEWA TRUST, we maintain the following policies:

We may request personal information online, such as name, address, phone number, email address, and credit card number ONLY for the purposes of accepting donations to MAA PARASHAKTI DHARM RAHASYA SEWA TRUST.
We will not release or use this information for any other purpose unless we have your consent.
We do not trade or sell your personal information with other organisations.
We offer donors the option to be recognised anonymously.
Donors may request, at any time, to not receive our solicitations.
Donors may request to not receive certain mailings, such as our newsletter.
We do not track, collect or distribute personal information entered by those who visit our website.
Personal information stored in MAA PARASHAKTI DHARM RAHASYA SEWA TRUST database is protected with a secured login with authentication, assignment of a unique ID to each person with computer access, regular pass code changes, and user IDs are deactivated or terminated as needed.
To assure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the not-for-profit organisations and causes they are asked to support, we assure the following:

To be informed of MAA PARASHAKTI DHARM RAHASYA SEWA TRUST’s mission, of the way MAA PARASHAKTI DHARM RAHASYA SEWA TRUST intends to use donated resources, and of its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purposes
To be informed of the identity of those serving on MAA PARASHAKTI DHARM RAHASYA SEWA TRUST’s governing board, and to expect the board to exercise prudent judgment in its responsibilities
To have access to MAA PARASHAKTI DHARM RAHASYA SEWA TRUST’s most recent financial statements
To receive appropriate acknowledgment and recognition
To be assured that information about their donations is handled with respect and with confidentiality to the extent provided by law
To expect that all relationships with individuals representing MAA PARASHAKTI DHARM RAHASYA SEWA TRUST to the donor will be professional
To be informed whether those seeking donations are volunteers, employees of the organization or hired solicitors
To have the opportunity for their names to be deleted from mailing lists that MAA PARASHAKTI DHARM RAHASYA SEWA TRUST may intend to share
To feel free to ask questions when making a donation and to receive prompt, truthful and forthright answers
What information we collect

We use personal information collected from donors for the purposes of processing payments and communicating with donors about MAA PARASHAKTI DHARM RAHASYA SEWA TRUST as well as conducting the fundraising and other operations of MAA PARASHAKTI DHARM RAHASYA SEWA TRUST. This information may include name, amount donated, address, telephone number, donor comments, e-mail address, and any other personal information provided to us (“Donor Data”). For donations by check, Donor Data also includes the data visible on the check.

Information from Payment Processors and Other Service Providers:

Payment processors allow donors to give electronically using a payment services account, a credit card, or other payment method. These processors collect certain information from donors, and you should consult their privacy policies to determine their practices.

To provide donors the best possible experience, we work with service providers and may share Donor Data and other information with, or have it transmitted through, them. Such service providers include, for example, collocation facilities and bandwidth providers as well as organisations that help non-profit organizations with fundraising.

How we use that information

Donor Data may be used for these kinds of purposes:

Distributing receipts and thanking donors for donations
Informing donors about upcoming fundraising and other activities of MAA PARASHAKTI DHARM RAHASYA SEWA TRUST
Internal analysis, such as research and analytics
Record keeping
Reporting to applicable government agencies as required by law
Surveys, metrics, and other analytical purposes
Other purposes related to the fundraising operations,
Anonymous donor information may be used for promotional and fundraising activities. Comments that are provided by donors may be publicly published and may be used in promotional materials. We may use available information to supplement the Donor Data to improve the information we use to drive our fundraising efforts. We may allow donors the option to have their name publicly associated with their donation unless otherwise requested as part of the online donation process.

We use data gathered for payment processors and other service providers only for the purposes described in this policy.

Contact us
If you have questions about this Donor Privacy Policy or requests about the status and correctness of your donor data, please contact us at info@dharamrahasya.com

Security
We are committed to protecting donor personal information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. Among other things, we undertake a range of security practices, including measures to help secure web access to sensitive data and undertake efforts to address security vulnerabilities for various tools and databases.

Other Disclosures
We may disclose information when required by law; when needed to protect our rights, privacy, safety, property, donors, or users; and when necessary to enforce our terms of service.

Updates
We may change the Donor Privacy Policy from time to time. Any and all changes will be reflected on this page. Substantive changes may also be announced through the standard mechanisms by which we communicate with our users and community. You should periodically check this page for any changes to the current policy.

Data Retention
We seek to retain donor-related information only as needed to fulfil the purposes described in this policy unless a longer retention period is required by law or regulations. For example, tax laws in the India may require us to keep contact information and contribution level of donors on file.

Rights
You have certain rights with respect to the information we collect about you. Upon request, we will tell you what information we hold about you and correct any incorrect information. We will also make reasonable efforts to delete your information if you ask us to do so, unless we are otherwise required to keep it.